# TinyMCU-ESP32-WROVER
It contains the python file where the TinyNAS architecture of MIT-Han lab is replicated to create a new model. The difference is that they always implemented it on a STM32 board so we thought to try it on an ESP32 WROVER board. Also instead of the ImageNet dataset, a smaller similar CIFAR-10 model is used. So, at first we installed all the needed packages like, PyTorch, TensorFlow, visualisation tools, etc. Then we cloned the official MCUNet repository to get its access, and also installed any specific dependancies of the repo. Then, libraries like, torch and  torchvision for neural network training, PIL and OpenCV for image handling and numpy, matplotlib and tqdm are loaded. The hardware constraints of ESP32 WROVER are specified for helping TinyNAS to find deployable models. Then the dataset is initialised. The CIFAR-10 model is downloaded. The pixel values are normalised. The dataset is split between train and test sets. Then, the building blocks of the neural network is defined. This provides NAS flexibility and helps it in generating architectures that fit in memory, achieve high accuracy and solve the latency constraints. So after that the TinyNAS selects a model from its search space which meets  the hardware constraints of ESP32 WROVER. 5 each epochs are made with different input widths and input sizes. After that the best model is found of accuracy 72.09%. The final model is then again trained for 100 epoches and then it was ready for deployment. 
